README.md, before:

# Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations

This repo contains the source code for our TGRS work Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations. This repo is based on the code https://github.com/uoip/KCFpy. 

## Prerequisites
1. Python3
2. Opencv
3. Numpy
4. Numba

## Run the demo
you need to modify some file path in the demo.py
```shell
    python3 demo.py
```

## Refer to this Rep.
If you found our work is useful, thanks to you to cite our paper and star.
```
@ARTICLE{8880656,
  author={S. {Xuan} and S. {Li} and M. {Han} and X. {Wan} and G. {Xia}},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing}, 
  title={Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations}, 
  year={2020},
  volume={58},
  number={2},
  pages={1074-1086},
  doi={10.1109/TGRS.2019.2943366}}
```

## Contact
If you have any problem feel free to email me at xuanshiyu17@csu.ac.cn.

Commit message:

update readme to prevent incorrect file read

README.md, after:

# Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations

This repo contains the source code for our TGRS work Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations. This repo is based on the code https://github.com/uoip/KCFpy. 

## Prerequisites
1. Python3
2. Opencv
3. Numpy
4. Numba

## Run the demo
you need to modify some file path in the demo.py
```shell
    python3 demo.py
```

## The File Structure
The file needs to be look like
```
├── 00001.jpg
├── 00002.jpg
|── 00003.jpg
```
## Refer to this Rep.
If you found our work is useful, thanks to you to cite our paper and star.
```
@ARTICLE{8880656,
  author={S. {Xuan} and S. {Li} and M. {Han} and X. {Wan} and G. {Xia}},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing}, 
  title={Object Tracking in Satellite Videos by Improved Correlation Filters With Motion Estimations}, 
  year={2020},
  volume={58},
  number={2},
  pages={1074-1086},
  doi={10.1109/TGRS.2019.2943366}}
```

## Contact
If you have any problem feel free to email me at xuanshiyu17@csu.ac.cn.
